Can't take it anymore
Hey, what are you doing?
Let go now
That's from the Zhang family
Do you know what the Zhang family represents?
What does it stand for?
I know the most senior person in the Zhang family
The Jade Emperor
Why does he have relatives with the Jade Emperor?
Let go of me
I beg your pardon.
On my turf
You have to listen to me
Don't you dare talk to me like that again
Don't blame me for being rude
Ok very good
leaf family
This time, we can't really blame the Zhang family for not fighting.
How dare he bully me here today
I will become the president in the future
How do you want our Zhang family to work?
God send it, take it easy
Don't worry.
I haven't paid attention to these little shrimp
These people!
Obviously full of male thieves and female thieves
Pretend to be sanctimonious on the surface
When you are doing things
Is it fair?
Are you not sure?
What's the number?
Don't think you are standing in the position of the boss of the Ye family
The heir must be yours
That's not possible.
Our night market board doesn't admit that waste is good
We all know that.
Night markets never admit waste, right?
No, no, no.
Don't admit it, hey, hey.
I forgot to tell my colleagues
I am Ye Rulong
Thanks to the Shrine Chief, he successfully joined the Great Xia Chamber of Commerce
You all know that.
The Great Xia Chamber of Commerce is one of the main sources of wealth for the temple
Chamber of Commerce New Industry President Election Season
I want to lead the Ye family to attack the position of president of the chamber of commerce
Ye Guolong, you think too much.
The temple doesn't take care of you
It's the Ye family
But let the Ye family enter the Daxia Chamber of Commerce
It's not someone else, it's me